616/Architecture Developer Docs (#147)
microsoft/carbon-aware-sdk: docs/architecture/aggregators.md

# Aggregators
Aggregators live in between the consumer and data tiers, containing the business logic for the SDK. They have knowledge of the different types of data providers and how to aggregate the resulting data.

## Aggregators' Responsibility
Aggregators are responsible for taking in consumer requests, calling the specified data source(s), and performing any necessary logic before returning the result to the consumer.

### Consumer <-> Aggregator Contract

> Each aggregator can support a wide variety of consumer requests that could in turn potentially require access to various data sources. The input to the aggregator must be generic enough to handle those cases, but specific enough to allow enforcement of required fields and validations (i.e., a list field cannot be empty, a time field cannot be in the past etc.). To handle this, we have created the `Carbon Aware Parameters` class, and each aggregator function receives an instance of this class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each aggregator can support a wide variety of consumer requests whose arguments may be required to access data from one or more data sources. The input to the aggregator must be generic enough to handle those cases, but specific enough to allow enforcement of required fields and validations (i.e., a list field cannot be empty, a time field cannot be in the past etc.). The `CarbonAwareParameters` class handles these concerns for the `CarbonAwareAggregator`. Each public method in the aggregator receives an instance of this "Parameters" class.  Future aggregators will create their own "Parameters" class to manage their argument needs.
```

## Carbon Aware Parameters

> The `CarbonAwareParameters` class allows the user to pass in a unique parameter instance to an aggregator function with the specific parameters needed by that call. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CarbonAwareParameters` class allows the user to pass in a unique parameter instance to the public `CarbonAwareAggregator` methods with the specific parameters needed by that call. 
```

The list of allowed parameters is defined in the class and includes
- SingleLocation
- MultipleLocations
- Start
- End
- RequestedAt
- Duration

### Parameter Display Names

> The display name of each parameter can be overriden using the public setter. By default, each parameter display name is set to the variable name (ex: `Start = "start"`). The parameter display names are used when creating the validation error messages. Overriding them is useful in situations where the variables the user is using for input don't exactly match the default display name of the parameter (e.g. the user variable in the controller is `periodStartTime` instead of `startTime`). That way, when the error is thrown to the user, the parameter names will match the users' expectation

Reviewer: Can we add HOW to override them to this doc?

### Required Properties
The first core check the parameters class does is validating that required parameters are defined. By default, all parameters are considered optional. Calling the `SetRequiredProperties(...)` function with the desired arguments sets the required parameters for the instance.
```csharp
    /// <summary>
    /// Accepts any PropertyNames as arguments and sets the associated property as required for validation.
    /// </summary>

>     public void SetRequiredProperties(params PropertyName[] requiredProperties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public void SetRequiredProperties(params PropertyName[] requiredProperties)
```
